you don't need to actually eat garlic to
taste it
if you rub a clove of garlic on your
feet you'll taste it within 15 minutes
there's no explanation but it actually
works though it might be a placebo
effect
lemons get juicier if you warm them up
in a microwave oven
when the fruit is warmed the heat
softens the membranes so the juice can
flow
more freely you might have never heard
about the keppel fruit
but it has a superpower of making your
sweat smell like violets
the first vegetable grown in space was a
potato
nasa grew five small potatoes from
tubers if we ever start space traveling
we'll probably try some space french
fries watermelon's tomatoes and celery
are
basically water we all know this
potatoes though are pretty watery too
80 water technically you can squeeze
some potato juice or a smoothie but
yeah it's better to roast them the water
the potatoes have helped them absorb and
reflect
wi-fi and radio signals just like humans
do
oranges aren't necessarily orange if
grown in subtropical regions
the climate there isn't cold enough to
break down the chlorophyll
so the fruit peel stays yellow or
greenish such oranges
usually get treated with ethylene gas to
help them turn orange
you should drop cranberries to see if
they're tasty these berries bounce
because of tiny air pockets inside
this air lets them bounce and float the
higher the berries bounce
the better they are many dogs love
veggies
cauliflower cucumbers mine eats carrots
but please don't treat your little
friend
grapes dogs are completely intolerant to
it
if you prefer beef over pumpkin seeds
you'll deprive yourself of some protein
in fact pumpkin seeds and broccoli have
more protein per
calorie than any meat almonds are often
mistaken for a nut
a nut should be dry yet almonds have a
fruity layer
while growing in a tree they look like a
peach you open the fruity layer to find
the seed to eat
your morning coffee is actually stewed
fruit
coffee beans are a berry pig so it's
basically a drink
made of berries if an onion was grown in
a sulfur pore
soil its taste will be sweet and you
won't shed a tear while cooking
if the soil is rich in sulfur make sure
there's a kleenex box for you
when cutting an onion rinse the knife
with cold water to make your cooking
tearless you can also try chilling the
onion
the cells will react slower and you'll
cry less
there are two types of baby carrots the
first are veggies picked before they
reach maturity
the second are trimmed adult carrots
this is just a marketing trick to
convert carrots that have no market
value
into a product that can be actually sold
there are no calorie negative veggies
some people claim that eating lettuce
kale and celery
requires more energy than they give
these veggies still have up to 10
calories per stack which is little but
the digesting requires
about a half a calorie if you ever read
a cool fact about the skin of a cucumber
being used as an eraser don't fall for
it i tried it and it kind of ruined my
notebook
when you eat a lollipop you actually
just swallowed some flavored saliva
the world's largest lollipop weighed
over seven thousand pounds
that would require a lot of saliva
okay time for a little riddle what do
peanut butter and an engagement ring
have in common
both contain diamonds scientists learned
how to turn peanut butter into diamonds
they extracted the oxygen from the
carbon dioxide
with the remaining carbon they put it
under intense pressure
it formed diamonds in the end
when you buy grated cheese get ready for
a surprise
if the package says it contains
cellulose it means the cheese contains
wood pulp
and don't worry it's digestible it's
added to prevent the cheese from
clumping
if you grab some wasabi in a supermarket
you probably bought
mere horseradish true wasabi is quite
difficult to make
so it's usually replaced with
horseradish and some extra flavorings
and colorants
we're used to ranch dressing being white
but in reality
producers usually add titanium oxide to
make it as white as your sunscreen
oh sunscreen producers add some titanium
oxide to their products too
same with caesar and blue cheese
dressings
your favorite fruit candies may be
shining because they're covered with
carnauba wax
many fruits especially apples have a
thin layer of this wax too
not only can it make the candies and
fruit appear glossy but it also
makes your car shine peaches and
nectarine
seem different but in fact they're
pretty much the same fruit
if the fluffiness gene is dominant we
get peaches
if not we get smooth nectarines
apples taste better when they're sliced
because they're exposed to oxygen
it activates the enzyme called
polyphenol oxidase
responsible for ripening and visible
browning the same thing happens when you
hit an apple
the oxygen enters the apple through tiny
cracks and it starts to ripen
are you into white chocolate well it's
actually not even close to real
chocolate
it's basically a mixture of sugar milk
vanilla
and cocoa butter cocoa butter isn't
enough for chocolate
it should contain chocolate liqueur or
powder
limes and lemons are quite different
lemons float but limes sink
it's all because limes are denser than
lemons
200 years ago ketchup was used as a
medicine
doctors used to believe tomatoes had a
lot of medicinal properties
and therefore so did ketchup
chipotle peppers aren't some special
type of pepper
they're good old jalapenos dried and
smoked jalapeno
is chipotle a double stuffed oreo cookie
they aren't double stuffed in fact a
math teacher weighed 10 regular oreos
10 double stuffed oreos 10 mega stuffed
oreos
turns out double stuffed oreos are only
1.86
stuffed oreos the only product that
never expires
even if you don't store it in the fridge
is honey
it has low ph and lots of sugar that's
why
organisms that cause spoiling can't live
in honey
those skittles and m m candies are
colored with
beetles red food dye is made of carmine
which is made with cocinial beetles
red lipsticks are made with these
beetles too
allspice isn't a mix of seasonings as
you may think
it does smell somewhat like nutmeg
cinnamon and cloves
but it's actually an independent fruit
it's also called jamaican pepper
and is picked from the trees just like
cherries
jam and jelly seem basically the same
thing but there's a huge difference
between them
jam is made of fruit while jelly is made
of fruit juice
the expiration date on mineral water
isn't about the water going bad
actually no water can go bad but the
bottle can
over time it starts leaking some
chemicals that aren't quite safe
white sugar is no different from brown
sugar the only difference is that brown
sugar contains molasses
molasses is the dark syrupy by-product
you get
when you extract sugars from beets or
canes
tonic water can be fluorescent in uv
black light
it contains quinine which makes it both
bitter
and glowing the color of plates and cup
can affect
your food perception a group of
volunteers drank hot chocolate out of
different colored cups
but most people claim the orange cup hot
chocolate was the best
red plates are cool for those on a diet
it looks alarming
so you end up eating less
crackers are even more hazardous to your
teeth and sugar
it's not sugar but acid that decays the
tooth enamel
sticky crackers produce that acid it's a
good environment for bacteria
they're going to feast between your
teeth
strawberries and raspberries technically
aren't berries
these guys have their seeds on the
outside
a true berry keeps them inside grapes
tomatoes
cucumbers eggplants even bananas are
berries
i said bananas were a berry but that's
only partly true
it's actually a berry that grows on an
herb if you want to ripen a banana fast
just throw it in a plastic bag with an
apple or tomato
these two produce ethylene gas which
helps ripen other fruit
we all know the apples we buy in the
supermarket aren't freshly picked
before they get to the supermarket they
can sleep for 6 to 12 months
and stay as good as new
watermelons can be boys or girls
boys are taller and they have more water
inside girls appear
shorter and rounder they're also sweeter
farm-raised salmon are actually white to
make them look like they're wild
brethren that are naturally pink
because of the abundant shrimp in their
diet farm-raised salmons
are artificially dyed
in fact there's a story floating around
for decades about a cannery stuck with a
bunch of
unsellable white salmon so they turn
this handicap around
by boldly labeling their product as
guaranteed not to turn pink in the can
hey maybe that would work with a fake
wasabi